military occupational specialty unmanned
aerial vehicle operator these soldiers
pilot and operate the Army's unmanned
aerial vehicles or UAVs which gather
imagery and sensory data for
intelligence analysis lemme striker 1/4
request recovery on runway 0 6 because
intelligence information is sensitive
you must qualify for a secret security
clearance in this MOS then the army will
train you first in the theories of
flight and basic flight procedures then
to assist in the deployment and recovery
of the UAVs you'll also train to remove
the system from its transport mode and
prepare it for launch status training
that will include installing and
removing the aircraft's payload
assembling adjusting and operating the
ground control station and navigational
systems as well as to assemble the basic
control support systems the army will
also train you to remotely launch and
recover the UAV and inspect and repair
minor tears in the vehicle skin after
your initial entry training and advanced
individual training you'll work long
hours in the field day or night where
you may be a flight line operator
responsible for assembling the aircraft
preparing antennas generators and
communications cables you may also work
as an air vehicle operator responsible
for its preflight launch and operation
in addition you may be a mission payload
operator responsible for the imagery
collection assets on board serving in
this MOS can help you transition from
the military to the civilian employment
sector because your skills in leadership
teamwork and problem-solving combined
with a more developed sense of
responsibility self-discipline and
motivation are skills and values in
demand by civilian employers by
providing a clearer picture of enemy
hostile intent or actions you are a
vital asset as a military occupational
specialty unmanned aerial vehicle
operator